agent-os/devops_project_type/instructions/core/create-tasks.md, before:

---
description: Create an Agent OS tasks list from an approved feature spec
globs:
alwaysApply: false
version: 1.1
encoding: UTF-8
---

# Spec Creation Rules

## Overview

With the user's approval, proceed to creating a tasks list based on the current feature spec.

<pre_flight_check>
  EXECUTE: @.agent-os/instructions/meta/pre-flight.md
</pre_flight_check>

<process_flow>

<step number="1" subagent="file-creator" name="create_tasks">

### Step 1: Create tasks.md

Use the file-creator subagent to create file: tasks.md inside of the current feature's spec folder.

<file_template>
  <header>
    # Spec Tasks
  </header>
</file_template>

<task_structure>
  <major_tasks>
    - count: 1-5
    - format: numbered checklist
    - grouping: by feature or component
  </major_tasks>
  <subtasks>
    - count: up to 8 per major task
    - format: decimal notation (1.1, 1.2)
    - first_subtask: typically write tests
    - last_subtask: verify all tests pass
  </subtasks>
</task_structure>

<task_template>
  ## Tasks

  - [ ] 1. [MAJOR_TASK_DESCRIPTION]
    - [ ] 1.1 Write tests for [COMPONENT]
    - [ ] 1.2 [IMPLEMENTATION_STEP]
    - [ ] 1.3 [IMPLEMENTATION_STEP]
    - [ ] 1.4 Verify all tests pass

  - [ ] 2. [MAJOR_TASK_DESCRIPTION]
    - [ ] 2.1 Write tests for [COMPONENT]
    - [ ] 2.2 [IMPLEMENTATION_STEP]
</task_template>

<ordering_principles>
  - Consider technical dependencies
  - Follow TDD approach
  - Group related functionality
  - Build incrementally
</ordering_principles>

</step>

<step number="2" name="execution_readiness">

### Step 2: Execution Readiness Check

Evaluate readiness to begin implementation by presenting the first task summary and requesting user confirmation to proceed.

<readiness_summary>
  <present_to_user>
    - Spec name and description
    - First task summary from tasks.md
    - Estimated complexity/scope
    - Key deliverables for task 1
  </present_to_user>
</readiness_summary>

<execution_prompt>
  PROMPT: "The spec planning is complete. The first task is:

  **Task 1:** [FIRST_TASK_TITLE]
  [BRIEF_DESCRIPTION_OF_TASK_1_AND_SUBTASKS]

  Would you like me to proceed with implementing Task 1? I will focus only on this first task and its subtasks unless you specify otherwise.

  Type 'yes' to proceed with Task 1, or let me know if you'd like to review or modify the plan first."
</execution_prompt>

<execution_flow>
  IF user_confirms_yes:
    REFERENCE: @.agent-os/instructions/core/execute-tasks.md
    FOCUS: Only Task 1 and its subtasks
    CONSTRAINT: Do not proceed to additional tasks without explicit user request
  ELSE:
    WAIT: For user clarification or modifications
</execution_flow>

</step>

</process_flow>

<post_flight_check>
  EXECUTE: @.agent-os/instructions/meta/post-flight.md
</post_flight_check>

Commit message:

Refactor DevOps Instructions and Standards
- Updated task execution rules to specify DevOps engineering tasks in execute-tasks.md.
- Enhanced product planning guidelines to focus on DevOps projects in plan-product.md.
- Created post-flight steps for DevOps engineers in a new post-flight.md file.
- Revised pre-flight steps to align with DevOps practices in pre-flight.md.
- Updated best practices to reflect DevOps engineering principles in best-practices.md.
- Refined code style guide to focus on DevOps projects in code-style.md.
- Removed outdated CSS and HTML style guides; added shell script and Terraform style guides.
- Updated tech stack standards to include DevOps-specific technologies in tech-stack.md.

agent-os/devops_project_type/instructions/core/create-tasks.md, after:

---
description: Create an Agent OS DevOps tasks list from an approved feature spec
globs:
alwaysApply: false
version: 1.1
encoding: UTF-8
---

# DevOps Spec Creation Rules

## Overview

With the user's approval, proceed to creating a DevOps-focused tasks list based on the current feature spec.

<pre_flight_check>
  EXECUTE: @.agent-os/instructions/meta/pre-flight.md
</pre_flight_check>

<process_flow>

<step number="1" subagent="file-creator" name="create_tasks">

### Step 1: Create tasks.md

Use the file-creator subagent to create file: tasks.md inside of the current feature's spec folder.

<file_template>
  <header>
    # DevOps Spec Tasks
  </header>
</file_template>

<task_structure>
  <major_tasks>
    - count: 1-5
    - format: numbered checklist
    - grouping: by infrastructure component, CI/CD pipeline, monitoring, or automation feature
  </major_tasks>
  <subtasks>
    - count: up to 8 per major task
    - format: decimal notation (1.1, 1.2)
    - first_subtask: typically write infrastructure tests or pipeline validation
    - last_subtask: verify all tests and deployments pass
  </subtasks>
</task_structure>

<task_template>
  ## Tasks

  - [ ] 1. [MAJOR_TASK_DESCRIPTION]
    - [ ] 1.1 Write tests/validation for [INFRA/PIPELINE_COMPONENT]
    - [ ] 1.2 [IMPLEMENTATION_STEP] (e.g., provision infrastructure, configure CI/CD)
    - [ ] 1.3 [IMPLEMENTATION_STEP] (e.g., automate deployment, set up monitoring)
    - [ ] 1.4 Verify all tests and deployments pass

  - [ ] 2. [MAJOR_TASK_DESCRIPTION]
    - [ ] 2.1 Write tests/validation for [INFRA/PIPELINE_COMPONENT]
    - [ ] 2.2 [IMPLEMENTATION_STEP]
</task_template>

<ordering_principles>
  - Consider technical dependencies (e.g., infrastructure before deployment)
  - Follow TDD and Infrastructure as Code approach
  - Group related DevOps functionality
  - Build incrementally and automate wherever possible
</ordering_principles>

</step>

<step number="2" name="execution_readiness">

### Step 2: Execution Readiness Check

Evaluate readiness to begin implementation by presenting the first DevOps task summary and requesting user confirmation to proceed.

<readiness_summary>
  <present_to_user>
    - Spec name and description
    - First DevOps task summary from tasks.md
    - Estimated complexity/scope
    - Key deliverables for DevOps task 1
  </present_to_user>
</readiness_summary>

<execution_prompt>
  PROMPT: "The DevOps spec planning is complete. The first task is:

  **Task 1:** [FIRST_TASK_TITLE]
  [BRIEF_DESCRIPTION_OF_TASK_1_AND_SUBTASKS]

  Would you like me to proceed with implementing Task 1? I will focus only on this first DevOps task and its subtasks unless you specify otherwise.

  Type 'yes' to proceed with Task 1, or let me know if you'd like to review or modify the plan first."
</execution_prompt>

<execution_flow>
  IF user_confirms_yes:
    REFERENCE: @.agent-os/instructions/core/execute-tasks.md
    FOCUS: Only Task 1 and its subtasks
    CONSTRAINT: Do not proceed to additional tasks without explicit user request
  ELSE:
    WAIT: For user clarification or modifications
</execution_flow>

</step>

</process_flow>

<post_flight_check>
  EXECUTE: @.agent-os/instructions/meta/post-flight.md
</post_flight_check>
